[RFCs] Add rfcs directory (#1464)
oneapi-src/oneTBB: rfcs/experimental/README.md

> # Design documents for experimental features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Design Documents for Experimental Features
```

> Experimental proposals describe extensions that have been implemented and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Experimental proposals describe extensions that are implemented and
```

> have been released as preview features in the oneTBB library. A preview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
released as preview features in the oneTBB library. A preview
```

feature is expected to have an implementation that is of comparable quality

> to a fully supported feature. It should also have sufficient tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to a fully supported feature. Sufficient tests are required.
```

An experimental feature does not yet appear as part of the oneTBB 

> specification and therefore its interface and design can still change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specification. Therefore, the interface and design can change.
```

> There is no commitment to backwards compatibility for a preview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no commitment to backward compatibility for a preview
```

feature.

> Since documents in this directory describe preview features, they

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documents in this directory 
```

should include a list of the exit conditions that need to be met to move from
preview to fully supported. These conditions might include demonstrated
performance improvements, demonstrated interest from the community,
acceptance of the required oneTBB specification changes, etc. 

For features that require oneTBB specification changes, the document might

> include wording for those changes or a link to any PRs that have been opened

Reviewer: ```suggestion
include wording for those changes or a link to any PRs that opened
```

against the specification.

> Proposals should not remain in the experimental directory forever. The 
> It should move either to the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Proposals should not remain in the experimental directory forever.
It should move either to the
```

> expectation is that the proposals will eventually move either to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It should move either to the
```

> supported folder when they become fully supported or to the archived 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
supported folder when they become fully supported or the archived 
```
